Smart Rule memeory usage estimates added (#3291)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/cockpit/smart-rules.md

{{< c8y-admon-info >}}
If you create a rule chain keep in mind how much data will be created and avoid overload or excessive amount of data.
{{< /c8y-admon-info >}}

> ### Smart Rules Memory Limitation Guidelines {#smart-rules-memory-limitation-guidelines}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Smart rules memory limitation guidelines {#smart-rules-memory-limitation}
```

> When creating Smart Rules, users should be aware of memory usage limitations to help prevent service instability or memory-related outages. The following guidelines provide approximate memory consumption values and recommended limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When creating smart rules, you must be aware of memory usage limitations to help prevent service instability or memory-related outages. The following guidelines provide approximate memory consumption values and recommended limits.
```

> **Memory Usage Estimates (Per Rule)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Memory usage estimates (per rule)**
```

> - Each smart rule instance typically consumes approximately 70 KB of memory.

Reviewer 2: I am not sure if this is conveying a clear message to the customer

We need to be clear about referring to memory used by in-process runtime state and make this explicit that this doesn't correspond to mongo etc.

> - Each Smart Rule instance typically consumes approximately 70 KB of memory.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Each smart rule instance typically consumes approximately 70 KB of memory.
```

> - Additionally, device-specific storage for each Smart Rule instance requires around 30 KB.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Additionally, device-specific storage for each smart rule instance requires around 30 KB.
```
